{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf350
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww16020\viewh11920\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\b\fs28 \cf0 SurfaceLength3D Xcode Project Setup
\b0\fs24 \
\
The project needs to have the VTK libraries added to it as well as knowing where to find the VTK header files.\
\

\b Step 1
\b0  - Clear my settings
\b \

\b0 \
Clear the library and header search paths from the project I sent you (as the paths will differ between our systems). \
To do this:\
\
a) Display the Target Info window (use Xcode's menu Project->Edit Active Target "SurfaceLength3D") and select the Build tab and Deployment configuration.\
\
b) Type "search" into the target info search bar to narrow the list down.\
\
c) You will either see entries for "Header Search Paths" and "Library Search Paths" or as user-define LIBRARY_SEARCH_PATHS......\
Clear these search paths.\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\b \cf0 Step 2
\b0  - OsiriX source
\b \

\b0 \
Download the OsiriX source. The VTK library and header files are available when you download the source code for OsiriX. \
Follow the instructions at:\
http://osirix.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/osirix/Documentation/Developers%20Guide/index.html#Getting_OsiriX_Source_Code\
\
\

\b Step 3
\b0  - VTK Library files\
\
Once downloaded go to the folder "osirix/osirix/Binaries". \
In this folder you will find a file named "VTKLibs.zip". \
Double click this file to unzip the VTK library files.\
You can now add all the VTK library files (eg libvtkCommon.a etc) into the plugin project. Drag the VTKLibs folder containing the library files into Xcode's "Groups & Files" window.\
\
\

\b Step 4 - 
\b0 VTK Header files\
\
Also in the OsiriX source that you downloaded will be a file called VTKHeaders.zip. Unzip this. \
\
Display the Target Info window again and display the search paths.\
The Library search path should now point to the VTKLibs folder on your system.\
Add the path to VTKHeaders folder to the "Headers Search Paths".\
\

\b Misc\

\b0 \
In the Groups & Files view of the project you'll see I've created an "OsiriX Headers" folder with a dozen or more OsiriX header files. I don't think these are necessary so you can remove them if you wish.\
\
SO.... when you build the project, Xcode now knows where to find the VTK library and header files. \
This should work fine for a 32-bit plugin. I don't know if your 64-bit version of OsiriX has 64-bit versions of the VTK libraries or not.\
\
\
\
\
\
}